<!DOCTYPE html>
<html XMLNS="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta NAME="generator" CONTENT=
"HTML Tidy for HTML5 for Mac OS X version 5.4.0" />
<title></title>
</head>
<body>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM
10-Q(Mark One)[X] QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended
March 31, 2017 OR[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition
period from to Commission file number 000-55893 SNOWY FOREST
ACQUISITION CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware 82-3674573 (State or other jurisdiction of
(I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.)
9454 Wilshire Blvd. #612 Beverly Hills, CA 90212 (Address of
principal executive offices) (zip code) 310-888-1870 (Registrant's
telephone number, including area code)Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reportsrequired to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities ExchangeAct of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periodthat the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) hasbeen
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X
NoIndicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
acceleratedfiler, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or
a smallerreporting company. See the definitions of "large
accelerated filer,""accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting
company" in Rule 12b-2 ofthe Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer
Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company X
(do not check if a smaller reporting company)Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company(as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act). Yes X NoIndicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer'sclasses of stock, as of the
latest practicable date. Class Outstanding at May 14, 2017Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 20,000,000Documents incorporated by
reference:
None__________________________________________________________________________
CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSCondensed Balance Sheets as of March
31, 2018 (unaudited)and December 31, 2017 2Condensed Statement of
Operations for the Three MonthsEnded March 31, 2018 (unaudited)
3Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Three MonthsEnded March
31, 2018 (unaudited) 4Notes to Condensed Financial Statements
(unaudited)
5-8______________________________________________________________________
SNOWY FOREST ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS
<table>
<caption>ASSETS March 31, December 31, 2018 2017 ------------
------------ (Unaudited) <s> Current assets Cash $ - $ -
------------ ------------ Total assets $ - $ - ============
============ LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current
liabilities Accrued liabilities $ 250 $ 1,000 ------------
------------ Total liabilities 250 1,000 ------------ ------------
Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value 20,000,000
shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at March 31, 2018
and December 31, 2017, respectively - - Common Stock, $0.0001 par
value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 20,000,000 shares issued and
outstanding at March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively
2,000 2,000 Additional paid-in capital 1,712 312 Accumulated
deficit (3,962) (3,312) ------------ ------------ Total
stockholders' deficit (250) (1,000) ------------ ------------ Total
liabilities and stockholders' deficit $ - $ - ============
============The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unauditedcondensed financial statements.</s></caption>
</table>
<s>2______________________________________________________________________</s>
<table>
<caption>SNOWY FOREST ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) <s> For the three months ended March 31,
2018 ------------------- Revenue $ - Cost of revenues -
----------------- Gross profit - ----------------- Operating
expenses 650 ----------------- Operating loss (650)
----------------- Loss before income taxes (650) Income tax expense
- ----------------- Net loss $ (650) ================= Loss per
share - basic and diluted $ (0.00) ================= Weighted
average shares - 20,000,000 basic and diluted ================= The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed financial statements.</s></caption>
</table>
<s>3______________________________________________________________________</s>
<table>
<caption>SNOWY FOREST ACQUISITION CORPORATION CONDENSED STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) <s> For the three months ended March 31,
2018 -------------------OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss $ (650)
Expenses paid by stockholder and contributed as capital 1,400
Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: Increase in accrued
liability (750) ---------------- Net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities - ---------------- Net increase in cash -
Cash, beginning of period - Cash, end of period $ - ===============
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: Cash paid during the period for: Income
tax $ - =============== Interest $ - =============== The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
unaudited financial statements.</s></caption>
</table>
<s>4______________________________________________________________________
SNOWY FOREST ACQUISITION CORPORATION Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Financial StatementsNOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIESNATURE OF OPERATIONSSnowy Forest
Acquisition Corporation (the "Company") was incorporated onDecember
1, 2017 under the laws of the state of Delaware to engage in
anylawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to,
selectedmergers and acquisitions. The Company has been in the
developmental stagesince inception and its operations to date have
been limited to issuingshares to its original shareholders and
effecting a change in control. TheCompany will attempt to locate
and negotiate with a business entity for thecombination of that
target company with the Company.Any combination will normally take
the form of a merger, stock-for-stockexchange or stock-for-assets
exchange. In most instances the target companywill wish to
structure the business combination to be within the definitionof a
tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the
InternalRevenue Code of 1986, as amended. No assurances can be
given that the Companywill be successful in locating or negotiating
with any target company. TheCompany has been formed to provide a
method for a foreign or domestic privatecompany to become a
reporting company with a class of securities registeredunder the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.BASIS OF PRESENTATIONThe summary of
significant accounting policies presented below is designedto
assist in understanding the Company's unaudited condensed
financialstatements. Such unaudited condensed financial statements
and accompanyingnotes are the representations of the Company's
management, who are responsiblefor their integrity and objectivity.
These accounting policies conform toaccounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America("GAAP") in all material
respects, and have been consistently applied inpreparing the
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements.Certain
information and footnote disclosures normally present in
annualfinancial statements prepared in accordance with accounting
principlesgenerally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S.
GAAP") wereomitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The
results for thethree months ended March 31, 2018 are not
necessarily indicative ofthe results to be expected for the year
ending December 31, 2018.USE OF ESTIMATESThe preparation of
unaudited condensed financial statements in conformitywith GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affectthe reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingentassets and liabilities at the date of the condensed
financial statements,and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reportingperiods. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.CASHCash and cash equivalents include cash on
hand and on deposit at bankinginstitutions as well as all highly
liquid short-term investments withoriginal maturities of 90 days or
less. The Company did not have cashequivalents as of March 31, 2018
and December 31, 2017, respectively.CONCENTRATION OF RISKFinancial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentrationsof credit risk consist principally of cash. The
Company places its cash withhigh quality banking institutions. The
Company did not have cash balancesin excess of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation limit as of March 31,2018 and December 31,
2017, respectively.
5______________________________________________________________________
SNOWY FOREST ACQUISITION CORPORATION Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Financial StatementsINCOME TAXESUnder ASC 740, "Income Taxes,"
deferred tax assets and liabilities arerecognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to temporarydifferences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of existingassets and
liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assetsand
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
totaxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
areexpected to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are
establishedwhen it is more likely than not that some or all of the
deferred taxassets will not be realized. As of March 31, 2018 and
December 31, 2017,there were no deferred taxes due to the
uncertainty of the realization ofnet operating loss or carry
forward prior to expiration.LOSS PER COMMON SHAREBasic loss per
common share excludes dilution and is computed by dividingnet loss
by the weighted average number of common shares outstandingduring
the period. Diluted loss per common share reflect the
potentialdilution that could occur if securities or other contracts
to issue commonstock were exercised or converted into common stock
or resulted in theissuance of common stock that then shared in the
loss of the entity. Asof March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017,
there are no outstanding dilutivesecurities.FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTSThe Company follows guidance for accounting for fair
value measurementsof financial assets and financial liabilities and
for fair valuemeasurements of nonfinancial items that are
recognized or disclosed atfair value in the unaudited condensed
financial statements on a recurringbasis. Additionally, the Company
adopted guidance for fair valuemeasurement related to nonfinancial
items that are recognized anddisclosed at fair value in the
unaudited condensed financial statementson a nonrecurring basis.
The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchythat prioritizes the
inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fairvalue. The
hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quotedprices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level
1measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements
involvingsignificant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements).
The threelevels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: Level 1
inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
foridentical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability
toaccess at the measurement date. Level 2 inputs are inputs other
than quoted prices included within Level 1that are observable for
the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 3
inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.The
carrying amounts of financial assets such as cash approximate
theirfair values because of the short maturity of these
instruments.RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTSIn January 2017, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01, "Business Combinations(Topic 805):
Clarifying the Definition of a Business". The amendmentsin this ASU
clarify the definition of a business with the objective ofadding
guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether
transactionsshould be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals)
of assets orbusinesses. Basically these amendments provide a screen
to determinewhen a set is not a business. If the screen is not met,
the amendmentsin this ASU first, require that to be considered a
business, a setmust include, at a minimum, an input and a
substantive process thattogether significantly contribute to the
ability to create output andsecond, remove the evaluation of
whether a market participant couldreplace missing elements. These
amendments take effect for publicbusinesses for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017 andinterim periods within those
periods, and all other entities shouldapply these amendments for
fiscal years beginning after December 15,2018, and interim periods
within annual periods beginning afterDecember 15, 2019. The Company
does not expect that the adoption ofthis guidance will have a
material impact on its condensed financialstatements.
6______________________________________________________________________
SNOWY FOREST ACQUISITION CORPORATION Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Financial StatementsIn May 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-09,
"Scope of ModificationAccounting", which amends the scope of
modification accounting forshare-based payment arrangements,
provides guidance on the types ofchanges to the terms or conditions
of share-based payment awards towhich an entity would be required
to apply modification accountingunder ASC 718. For all entities,
the ASU is effective for annualreporting periods, including interim
periods within those annualreporting periods, beginning after
December 15, 2017. Early adoptionis permitted, including adoption
in any interim period. The Companydoes not expect that adoption of
this guidance will have a materialimpact on its condensed financial
statements and related disclosures.In November 2016, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-18,"Statement of Cash
Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash" ("ASU 2016-18").The new
guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice by adding
orclarifying guidance on classification and presentation of changes
inrestricted cash on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-18 is
effectivefor annual and interim periods beginning after December
15, 2017. Earlyadoption is permitted. The amendments in this update
should be appliedretrospectively to all periods presented.
Managementbelieves that thisASU will only impact the Company if it
has restricted cash in the future.In August 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-15, "Statement of Cash Flows (Topic230): Classification of
Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments" ("ASU 2016-15"). ASU
2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts
andcash payments are presented and classified in the statement of
cash flows.ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017.The new standard will require adoption on a
retrospective basis unless itis impracticable to apply, in which
case it would be required to apply theamendments prospectively as
of the earliest date practicable. Managementbelieves that the
impact of this ASU to the Company's condensed financialstatements
would be insignificant.Other recent accounting pronouncements
issued by the FASB (including itsEmerging Issues Task Force) and
the United States Securities and ExchangeCommission did not or are
not believed by management to have a materialimpact on the
Company's present or future financial statements.NOTE 2 - GOING
CONCERNThe Company has not yet generated any revenue since
inception to dateand has sustained operating loss of $650 for the
three months endedMarch 31, 2018. The Company had a working capital
deficit of $250and an accumulated deficit of $3,962 as of March 31,
2018 and a workingcaptial deficit of $1,000 and an accumulated
deficit of $3,312 as ofDecember 31, 2017. The Company's
continuation as a going concernis dependent on its ability to
generate sufficient cash flows fromoperations to meet its
obligations and/or obtaining additional financingfrom its members
or other sources, as may be required.The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements have been preparedassuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern; however, the
abovecondition raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability
to do so. Theunaudited condensed financial statements do not
include any adjustments toreflect the possible future effects on
the recoverability and classificationof assets or the amounts and
classifications of liabilities that may resultshould the Company be
unable to continue as a going concern.In order to maintain its
current level of operations, the Company willrequire additional
working capital from either cash flow from operationsor from the
sale of its equity. However, the Company currently has
nocommitments from any third parties for the purchase of its
equity. If theCompany is unable to acquire additional working
capital, it will be requiredto significantly reduce its current
level of operations.NOTE 3 - ACCRUED LIABILITIESAs of March 31,
2018 and December 31, 2017, the Company had accruedprofessional
fees of $250 and $1,000, respectively.NOTE 4 - STOCKHOLDERS'
DEFICITOn December 1, 2017, the Company issued 20,000,000 founders
commonstock to two directors and officers for legal services
provided to theCompany. The Company is authorized to issue
100,000,000 shares of commonstock and 20,000,000 shares of
preferred stock. As of March 31, 2018,20,000,000 shares of common
stock and no preferred stock were issued andoutstanding.NOTE 5 -
SUBSEQUENT EVENTManagement has evaluated subsequent events through
May 15, 2018,the date which the financial statements were available
to be issued.Except for the events disclosed above, all subsequent
events requiringrecognition have been incorporated into these
financial statementsin accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855,
"Subsequent Events."
7______________________________________________________________________ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Snowy Forest Acquisition Corporation)(the
"Company") was incorporatedon December 1, 2017 under the laws of
the State of Delaware to engage in anylawful corporate undertaking,
including, but not limited to, selected mergersand acquisitions.
The Company is a blank check company and qualifies as an"emerging
growth company" as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business
StartupsAct which became law in April, 2012. Since inception the
Company's operations to the balance sheet datecovered by this
report were limited to issuing shares of common stock to
itsoriginal shareholders and filing a registration statement on
Form 10 onMarch 8, 2018 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to theSecurities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended to
register its class of commonstock. The Company has no operations
nor does it engage in any business activitiesgenerating revenues.
As of March 31, 2018 the Company had not generated revenues and
hadno income or cash flows from operations since inception. The
Companyhad sustained net loss of $650 and an accumulated deficit of
$3,962 forthe three months ended and as of March 31, 2018,
respectively. The Company's independent auditors have issued a
report raisingsubstantial doubt about the Company's ability to
continue as a goingconcern. At present, the Company has no
operations and the continuationof the Company as a going concern is
dependent upon financial support fromits stockholders, its ability
to obtain necessary equity financing to continueoperations and/or
to successfully locate and negotiate with a business entityfor the
combination of that target company with it. The president of the
Company is the president, director andshareholder of Tiber Creek
Corporation. Tiber Creek Corporation assistscompanies in becoming
public reporting companies and with introductionsto the financial
community. Such services may include, when andif appropriate, the
use of an existing reporting company such asthe Company. Tiber
Creek is in continual discussions with clientcompanies for its
assistance and the use of a company such asthe Company as a vehicle
to become a public company. As such theCompany may effect a change
in control pursuant to such discussions.When, and if, the Company
effects a change in control, the Companywill file a Form 8-K
announcing it. If any change in control is effected, it is
anticipated thatthe then current management of the Company will
resign as officers anddirectors and will contribute back to the
Company certain of theshares currently held by it. Simultaneously
new management willbe appointed and elected. New management may
issue shares of theCompany's common stock to the new management or
others. At the time of filing this Report, no change in control
hasnot been effected or finalized.ITEM 3. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.Information not required
to be filed by Smaller Reporting Companies.ITEM 4. Controls and
Procedures.Disclosures and Procedures Pursuant to Rules adopted by
the Securities and Exchange Commission,the Company carried out an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the designand operation of its
disclosure controls and procedures pursuant toExchange Act Rules.
This evaluation was done as of the end of theperiod covered by this
report under the supervision and with theparticipation of the
Company's principal executive officer (who isalso the principal
financial officer). Management is responsible for maintaining a
system of internalcontrol over financial reporting ("ICFR") that
provides reasonableassurance regarding the reliability of such
reporting and theaccuracy and reliability of the preparation of
financial statementsof such. Management is responsible to maintain
records accurately andfairly to reflect transactions and
transactions are recorded asnecessary. The controls should provide
reasonable assurance regardingthe prevention of
unauthorizedacquisition or use of assets. In the present case of
the Company, management maintained solecontrol of all financial
transactions and all assets. Since thepresident of the Company is
in sole control of the financialtransactions and assets management
believes that its control reasonablyand adequately addresses the
risk of a misstatement in the financialreporting. Based upon that
evaluation, the principal officer believesthat the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures are effective ingathering,
analyzing and disclosing information needed to ensure thatthe
information required to be disclosed by the Company in its
periodicreports is recorded, summarized and processed timely. The
principalexecutive officer is directly involved in the day-to-day
operationsof the Company. This Quarterly Report does not include an
attestation report ofthe Company's registered public accounting
firm regarding internalcontrol over financial reporting.
Management's report was not subjectto attestation by the Company's
registered public accounting firmpursuant to temporary rules of the
Securities and ExchangeCommission that permit the Company to
provide only management'sreport in this Quarterly Report.Changes in
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There was no change in
the Company's internal control overfinancial reporting that was
identified in connection with suchevaluation that occurred during
the period covered by this reportthat has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materiallyaffect, the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. PART II -- OTHER INFORMATIONITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are no legal proceedings against the
Company and the Companyis unaware of such proceedings contemplated
against it. Management is aware that certain current and prior
blank checkcompanies of which Messrs. Cassidy and McKillop, the
officers anddirectors the officers and directors of the Company
have receivedsubpoenas for documents in regard to an inquiry by the
Securities andExchange Commission requesting documentation
regarding the transactionsand filings for the past five years and
former share ownership of certainblank check companies. Management
of the Company has also received subpoenasfrom the Securities and
Exchange Commission in regard to certain ofthe transactions and
filings for the past five years of certain ofits blank check
companies. Management has no independent knowledge orinformation as
to the intent or purpose of such subpoenas but believesthe SEC is
investigating whether the change in control transaction
isconsidered a sale of a security and if so whether a broker needs
to beused to effect the transaction.ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS During the past three years,
the Company has issued 20,000,000common shares pursuant to Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933at par as follows: On December
1, 2017, the Company issued the following shares ofits common
stock:Name Number of SharesJames Cassidy 10,000,000James McKillop
10,000,000ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES Not
applicable.ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY
HOLDERS Not applicable.ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION (a) Not
applicable. (b) Item 407(c)(3) of Regulation S-K: During the
quarter covered by this Report, there have not beenany material
changes to the procedures by which security holdersmay recommend
nominees to the Board of Directors.ITEM 6. EXHIBITS (a) Exhibits 31
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on itsbehalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. SNOWY
FOREST ACQUISITION CORPORATION By: /s/ James M. Cassidy Chief
Executive Officer By: /s/ James M. Cassidy Chief Financial
OfficerDated: May 15, 2018</s>
</body>
</html>

